systemd-hwdb: add page (#10510)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/systemd-hwdb.md

# systemd-hwdb

> Hardware database management tool.
> More information: <https://www.freedesktop.org/software/systemd/man/systemd-hwdb.html>.

> - Update the binary hardware database:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update the binary hardware database in `/etc/udev`:
```

`systemd-hwdb update`

- Query the hardware database and print the result for a specific modalias:

`systemd-hwdb query {{modalias}}`

> - Update the binary hardware database, but return a non-zero exit value on any parsing error:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update the binary hardware database, returning a non-zero exit value on any parsing error:
```

`systemd-hwdb --strict update`

> - Update the binary hardware database, and generate it in /usr/lib/udev instead of /etc/udev:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update the binary hardware database in `/usr/lib/udev`:
```

`systemd-hwdb --usr update`

> - Update the binary hardware database, specifying an alternate root path in the filesystem:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update the binary hardware database in the specified root path:
```
